# Coffee Shop Management
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/tWcTDYfzCF8
#### Description: This software is designed to manage a coffee shop as it helps to check items stored in inventory, shows all purchases, shows net profit and helps selling products
My project is essentially a piece of software named 'python.py' that can be used by a single coffee shop owner or a coffee franchise. It helps the owner by managing all transaction details that occur during selling of products or during buying of ingredients. All sorts of useful details are managed in csv files and those files are updated every time based on peculiar action performed by user. test_project.py is also implemented to handle some error cases.

stores.csv is the main storage file that maintains details of each shop such as its name, zip code, total revenue, and total investment. inventory.csv stores how much quantity of ingredients is available in each individual shop, distinctly identified by name and zip code. purchase.csv manages all purchases of ingredients including their weight and price information made by each shop. On the other hand, sells.csv manages all products sold by each shop and at what price each product was sold.

Famous coffee shop franchises such as Starbucks can also use this software as their each individual shop will be distinctly stored by referencing its name and zip code. First step on running this program is to enter valid email Id. Personal email Id's such as gmail.com, yahoo.com and other such Id's can't be used here and if entered will be rejected by software. In this case it must end with @coffee.com, but it could be edited according to requirement of software such as email would end with @starbucks.com if it is used by Starbucks.

The second step is to enter the name and zip code of the shop. If details entered by matched by any one shop in stores.csv then details such as investment and total revenue are fetched and are stored in an object of class Shop. If details don't match with anyone, then new Shop object is created with investment and total revenue as zero respectively and then it is also added to stores.csv. Class Shop uses instance variables namely name, zip, investment and total_revenue.

The third step is to convey what task the user wants to do by entering any number from 1 to 4. Users should enter 1 when any new stock of ingredients arrives or should enter 2 when any product is sold. Entering 3 will present a list of ingredients with their availability of that specific shop and entering 4 will present total profit made by that specific shop.

By entering 1 to buy new stock of ingredients, user will need to input name of ingredient, total price, and weight of the ingredient(kg/liter). If any unexpected input is entered, then user will be re-prompted again. A successful purchase will be stored into purchase.csv and weight of ingredient will be changed in inventory.csv. If ingredient was purchased for first time, then it will be added into inventory.csv with its weight equal to weight entered by user. Moreover, the investment of that shop will also be increased by the amount of price entered by user in stores.csv.

Entering 2 will present the user with the name of the product sold. Currently, the only sellable items are expresso, mocha, latte, and cappuccino. If any other name is entered, then user will be re-prompted again. First inventory.csv will be checked to make sure that there are enough ingredients for making the drink, and if there are not enough ingredients then the product will not be sold. On other side, if there are enough ingredients then the product will be sold successfully, and this successful sell will be recorded in sells.csv. The weight of ingredient used in making prescribed item will be decreased in inventory.csv and total revenue of that shop will increase by price of item sold in stores.csv.

Storage of shop will be presented if user enters 3, and for presenting storage, inventory.csv is used to loop through all its elements and display ingredients only for the shop required. Entering 4 will use stores.csv for calculating total profit and will present net profit of shop which user wants. If profit comes out negative, then it means that the shop is running in loss. Successful completion of task will exit the program and user will need to re-login to perform another task.

My name is Rutva Patel, and this is `cs50p`.